README.md, before:

# DesignInventory
This respository contains designs for We Vote, including the latest and historical assets. This is where we submit (and archive) designs for We Vote.

This is our [index of current design efforts](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Pi1SRrniuKOdbRWQgWWIxAyddkrLl73nn21wAhvblUw/edit).

We have a Google Drive master folder for all things design related. Feel free to request access to the Google Drive Design Folder. ([link to Google Drive Design Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0BwSkwvLXQCocQlhhVzF2U2FfZXc)) We store a copy of this DesignInventory repo inside our Google Drive Design Folder (Dale McGrew synchronizes the DesignInventory folder with Github). 

## Submitting Design Files to We Vote
There are two ways to submit new designs to We Vote.

1. Place your new design file, with a unique name (described in "Asset File Naming Standards") below, into the DesignInventory folder via Google Drive. For example, designs related to Ballot Measures, would go in the We Vote design Google Drive folder, in the subfolder: "DesignInventory/Ballot/Measures" Dale McGrew will periodically commit these files into Github.

1. Bring a copy of the DesignInventory Files to your Local Machine via Github, using the directions below. Then check in your new design file, with a unique name (described in "Asset File Naming Standards") below.

## Can I view existing Sketch files without downloading the Sketch application?
Yes. Once you have downloaded the latest Sketch files to your computer (via Google Drive or Github), you can upload Sketch files into this free website service to view them: https://sketchviewer.com/

## We Vote Strategic Redesign: Introduction
Want to get up-to-speed on the design of We Vote? See [We Vote Design Orientation](docs/DESIGN_ORIENTATION.md)

## Asset Organization
The designs we are working on are organized in folders within this repository dedicated to major design areas, like HeaderFooter, Ballot, UserNudging. Each folder contains:

- one or more design briefs in Google Docs format, 
- Sketch files dedicated to this design challenge (named and versioned through the use of our Asset File Naming standards)
- Image files (png, jpg, etc.) showing design snapshots we want to review as a team

## Asset File Naming Standards
When you would like to submit a Sketch file for others to review, please submit those changes in a file that you control. Our standard is that each Sketch file should ever only have one person editing it. If you want to modify someone's design, please make a copy of that file and update the filename per these standards:

- Major Folder (Ex/ HeaderFooter, Ballot, DesignSystem-StyleGuide)
- Sketch File Name Base (Ex/ HeaderFooter, OfficeListCard, OfficeDetail)
- Date in YYYYMMDD format (Ex/ 20181229)
- Your first name plus last initial (Ex/ DaleM)
- Version number or description (Ex/ v2a, WithImages2)

These are some examples of fully assembled names:

- In folder HeaderFooter, HeaderFooter-20181229-DaleM-v1.sketch
- In folder Ballot, MeasureDetail-20181229-DaleM-WithShortDescriptions.sketch

## Old Versions of Files
When you have a new version of a Sketch file that you are managing, move the old version into the "_OldVersions" folder.

## Bring DesignInventory Files to your Local Machine via Github

[Create an account on GitHub](https://github.com/join) if you don't already have an account. Sign into GitHub.

Create a fork of wevote/DesignInventory.git. You can do this from https://github.com/wevote/DesignInventory with the "Fork" button  
(upper right of screen)

Install this [GitHub Desktop application](https://help.github.com/desktop/guides/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop/) on your machine. They have options for Mac and Windows.

In GitHub Desktop, choose "Clone a Repository".

![ScreenShot](docs/images/CloneARepository.png)

Do the following in the Popup box:

1. Select from "Your Repositories": `<YOUR GITHUB USERNAME HERE>/DesignInventory`

1. Set the Local Path where you want the files to `/Users/<YOUR NAME HERE>/MyProjects/DesignInventory`. Please do not try to clone this repository into the master/shared Design Team Folder -- you should clone this repository to a personal folder that is not shared with the rest of the We Vote team.

1. Click "Clone"

![ScreenShot](docs/images/CloneARepositoryPopup.png)

Commit message:

README.md (update 12/27)
Added another way to clone repos on the GitHub desktop app.

README.md, after:

# DesignInventory
This respository contains designs for We Vote, including the latest and historical assets. This is where we submit (and archive) designs for We Vote.

This is our [index of current design efforts](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Pi1SRrniuKOdbRWQgWWIxAyddkrLl73nn21wAhvblUw/edit).

We have a Google Drive master folder for all things design related. Feel free to request access to the Google Drive Design Folder. ([link to Google Drive Design Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0BwSkwvLXQCocQlhhVzF2U2FfZXc)) We store a copy of this DesignInventory repo inside our Google Drive Design Folder (Dale McGrew synchronizes the DesignInventory folder with Github). 

## Submitting Design Files to We Vote
There are two ways to submit new designs to We Vote.

1. Place your new design file, with a unique name (described in "Asset File Naming Standards") below, into the DesignInventory folder via Google Drive. For example, designs related to Ballot Measures, would go in the We Vote design Google Drive folder, in the subfolder: "DesignInventory/Ballot/Measures" Dale McGrew will periodically commit these files into Github.

1. Bring a copy of the DesignInventory Files to your Local Machine via Github, using the directions below. Then check in your new design file, with a unique name (described in "Asset File Naming Standards") below.

## Can I view existing Sketch files without downloading the Sketch application?
Yes. Once you have downloaded the latest Sketch files to your computer (via Google Drive or Github), you can upload Sketch files into this free website service to view them: https://sketchviewer.com/

## We Vote Strategic Redesign: Introduction
Want to get up-to-speed on the design of We Vote? See [We Vote Design Orientation](docs/DESIGN_ORIENTATION.md)

## Asset Organization
The designs we are working on are organized in folders within this repository dedicated to major design areas, like HeaderFooter, Ballot, UserNudging. Each folder contains:

- one or more design briefs in Google Docs format, 
- Sketch files dedicated to this design challenge (named and versioned through the use of our Asset File Naming standards)
- Image files (png, jpg, etc.) showing design snapshots we want to review as a team

## Asset File Naming Standards
When you would like to submit a Sketch file for others to review, please submit those changes in a file that you control. Our standard is that each Sketch file should ever only have one person editing it. If you want to modify someone's design, please make a copy of that file... i.e.: download the file onto your local machine, copy it, and update the filename per these standards:

- Major Folder (Ex/ HeaderFooter, Ballot, DesignSystem-StyleGuide)
- Sketch File Name Base (Ex/ HeaderFooter, OfficeListCard, OfficeDetail)
- Date in YYYYMMDD format (Ex/ 20181229)
- Your first name plus last initial (Ex/ DaleM)
- Version number or description (Ex/ v2a, WithImages2)

These are some examples of fully assembled names:

- In folder HeaderFooter, HeaderFooter-20181229-DaleM-v1.sketch
- In folder Ballot, MeasureDetail-20181229-DaleM-WithShortDescriptions.sketch

## Old Versions of Files
When you have a new version of a Sketch file that you are managing, move the old version into the "_OldVersions" folder.

## Bring DesignInventory Files to your Local Machine via Github

[Create an account on GitHub](https://github.com/join) if you don't already have an account. Sign into GitHub.

Create a fork of wevote/DesignInventory.git. You can do this from https://github.com/wevote/DesignInventory with the "Fork" button  
(upper right of screen)

Install this [GitHub Desktop application](https://help.github.com/desktop/guides/getting-started-with-github-desktop/installing-github-desktop/) on your machine. They have options for Mac and Windows.

In GitHub Desktop, choose "Clone a Repository".

![ScreenShot](docs/images/CloneARepository.png)


There are 2 ways you can clone a repo in the Popup box.


**First:**

1. Select from "Your Repositories": `<YOUR GITHUB USERNAME HERE>/DesignInventory`

2. Set the Local Path where you want the files to go `/Users/<YOUR NAME HERE>/MyProjects/DesignInventory`. Please do not try to clone this repository into the master/shared Design Team Folder -- you should clone this repository to a personal folder that is not shared with the rest of the We Vote team.

3. Click "Clone"

![ScreenShot](docs/images/CloneARepositoryPopup.png)



**Second:**


1. Go to the DesignInventory GitHub homepage.

2. On the right hand side of the page, there is a green button that says "Clone or download". Click that and copy the URL that pops up (make sure it's HTTPS, **not** SSH).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38788967/50496041-327ced00-09fb-11e9-94c1-2bf97acd6b51.png)

3. Go to your GitHub Desktop app, choose "Clone a Repository", click the URL option all the way to the right.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38788967/50496052-43c5f980-09fb-11e9-8010-5c59ab407049.png)

4. In the first box where it says "URL or username/repository", paste the URL you just copied from the DesignInventory GitHub homepage. Then set the Local Path where you want the files to go `/Users/<YOUR NAME HERE>/MyProjects/DesignInventory`. Again, please do not try to clone this repository into the master/shared Design Team Folder -- you should clone this repository to a personal folder that is not shared with the rest of the We Vote team.

5. Click "Clone".
